
`a review by Steve Burns.
`Bluegrass 99'ers.

     Waterville Rescue, a fairware game
by Mike Ward (Seahorse Software), is a
horizontally scrolling game for one or
two players.  You begin by maneuvering
your shark through an array of spears,
jellyfish, electric eels, fishhooks,
mines, and falling rocks.  Some of these
can be "shot at" and eliminated from
your path, while others must be dodged.
Then you must rescue a seahorse from a
giant octopus, a battle which, I might
add, I have never survived..
     Written in C99, the game has a nice
professional look.  The speed of the
game is adequate for an arcade-type game
and joystick response is excellent..
     It is hard to be critical of a game
that the author is only asking $2.00
for.  No matter if the game could use a
few improvements, the price still makes
it an incredible bargain.  The sequence
of objects you have to get through
before you reach the game's climax does
tend to be just a bit long.  There were
no docs with the copy I downloaded from
the Texaments BBS, so I am really not
sure exactly what I am supposed to do
when I reach the octopus at what I
assume is the end of the game.  Do you
try and snatch the seahorse or keep
shooting the octopus until it gives up
its prey? Knowing this might help one
successfully finish the game.  Also,
having to use the Editor/Assembler cart
instead of loading it through an EA 5
load program is another minor inconveni-
ence.  I set the game up to load through
an XB loader written for use with C99 by
Warren Agee and Todd Kaplan..
     All in all, I would definitely
recommend the game, especially if you
have kids who like to play on your
computer.  Mike Ward shows a lot of
talent in the programming of this game
and also his Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle
game for Missing Link.  The game has not
really seen wide distribution on the BBS
circuits, so sending $2 and a disk to
the address below may be the only way
you can get a copy..
 
Mike Ward.
<address long long obsolete ;) >
